said you woke up this morning
a guy by the name I think it already
school number we dig each everything
well you know that God was a long hair
the one here every now his 40 cut it he
did why does iran his head uh-huh kind
of a heads yeah try akhter brunette at
urban of hair october ahead hahaha you
know I had the other parameters my head
down looked like a turbo
oh what a terrible
yo don't things that they wrote wrong
set your whole story for today papa is
that your story for the people is that
your story for today did you see any
ghosts last night did you see any ghosts
last night frog at my soul you have a
good a frog yeah sometimes the frog did
you see any ghosts last night did you
see any ghosts there's any snow ghosts
show ghosts go no no no I will tire you
out night I want the bed early I already
rememberable in the bed did I go to bed
I looks like it I don't remember going
to bed we love you papa say bye to my
people good boy bye to the people the
people no I love my people he's it's
it's a damned a rainy here in the north
country and he's c7 a down day it's ok
we always appreciate your love